[DOCS] Add ES quickstart (#102226)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/getting-started.asciidoc

[chapter]
[[getting-started]]
= Quick start

This guide helps beginners learn how to:

> * Install and run {es} and {kib} (using {ecloud} or Docker)
> * Add simple (non-timestamped) dataset to {es}
> * Run basic searches

Reviewer: Nit, might be just a matter of preference.
```suggestion
* install and run {es} and {kib} (using {ecloud} or Docker),
* add simple (non-timestamped) dataset to {es},
* run basic searches.
```

[TIP]
====
If you're interested in using {es} with Python, check out Elastic Search Labs. This is the best place to explore AI-powered search use cases, such as working with embeddings, vector search, and retrieval augmented generation (RAG).

> * https://www.elastic.co/search-labs/tutorials/search-tutorial/welcome[Tutorial]. This extensive, hands-on tutorial walks you through building a complete search solution with {es}, from the ground up.
> * https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs[`elasticsearch-labs`]. This Github repository contains a range of executable Python https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs/tree/main/notebooks[notebooks] and https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs/tree/main/example-apps[example apps].

Reviewer: Reducing word count.

```suggestion
* https://www.elastic.co/search-labs/tutorials/search-tutorial/welcome[Tutorial]: this walks you through building a complete search solution with {es}, from the ground up.
* https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs[`elasticsearch-labs` repository]: it contains a range of Python https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs/tree/main/notebooks[notebooks] and https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs/tree/main/example-apps[example apps].
```

====

[discrete]
[[run-elasticsearch]]
=== Run {es}

The simplest way to set up {es} is to create a managed deployment with {ess} on

> {ecloud}. If you prefer to manage your own test environment, you can install and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ecloud}. If you prefer to manage your own test environment, install and
```
